I was born in Caracas and live
in an area of the city called Petare.
In Petare, I have to live
with violence and delinquency.
A few years ago,
we lost a pioneer sister who,
sadly, was hit by a bullet.
Well, something like that
also happened to my son.
There was a confrontation
in the neighborhood,
and a stray bullet hit my son
and killed him instantly.
That left such a void.
It hurt me to go into his room
and see his empty bed.
And then to see his things:
his shoes, his favorite clothes.
To see them in the wardrobe—
Crying was inevitable.
These situations were very difficult
to deal with at the time.
But as soon as the congregation
found out about the situation,
right away they gave me support.
They were there to help care
for all the things you need to do
when you lose a loved one.
After going through all that,
I was very afraid
to continue
going out in field service.
I feared for my life
and for the life of my family.
I prayed to Jehovah,
and Jehovah gave me
practical wisdom to continue.
Sometimes when I’m alone meditating
and thinking about my son,
those memories return and,
of course, I have a setback,
so to speak,
and I begin to cry again.
But keeping clearly in mind
the promise of the resurrection
is what motivates
me to keep going.
An account that I really like
and that I always keep in mind
is the account about Lazarus.
There, Martha uses an expression.
She says, ‘I know
he’ll rise on the last day.’
And that is the same confidence
that I have in Jehovah.
I know that my son will rise.
Jehovah will give him to me.
At the time
that this terrible thing happened,
it’s true that I lost my joy for a time.
But later after the mourning passes,
the resurrection hope gives us joy.
It’s as if
Jehovah speaks to me,
saying, ‘Keep calm.’
It’s as if he gives me a gentle pat,
telling me to ‘keep going
and that’s what will happen to you.
Keep faithful, and continue loyal,
and I will give him back to you.’